added tctl to sidebar (#1202)
temporalio/documentation: docs/tctl/admin/db/clean.md

  - db
---

> The `tctl admin db clean` command cleans corrupted [Workflow Executions](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution.md) from the targeted database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tctl admin db clean` command cleans corrupted [Workflow Executions](/workflows/#workflow-executions) from the targeted database.
```

#### `--input_directory value`

> The directory which contains the corrupted [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution.md) files from running [`scan`](/tctl/admin/db/scan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory which contains the corrupted [Workflow Execution](/workflows/#workflow-executions) files from running [`scan`](/tctl/admin/db/scan).
```
